Sync changes from OIDC repo, add field in policy (#2654)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/policy-resource.md

#### Prerequisites

> In order to use OIDC, you need to enable [zone synchronization](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admixn-guide/high-availability/zone_sync/). If you don't set up zone synchronization, NGINX Plus will fail to reload.

Author: hmm not sure how that happened

|``authEndpoint`` | URL for the authorization endpoint provided by your OpenID Connect provider. | ``string`` | Yes |
|``tokenEndpoint`` | URL for the token endpoint provided by your OpenID Connect provider. | ``string`` | Yes |
|``jwksURI`` | URL for the JSON Web Key Set (JWK) document provided by your OpenID Connect provider. | ``string`` | Yes |
|``scope`` | List of OpenID Connect scopes. Possible values are ``openid``, ``profile``, ``email``, ``address`` and ``phone``. The scope ``openid`` always needs to be present and others can be added concatenating them with a ``+`` sign, for example ``openid+profile+email``. The default is ``openid``. | ``string`` | No |
|``redirectURI`` | Allows overriding the default redirect URI. The default is ``/_codexch``. | ``string`` | No |

> |``zoneSyncLeeway`` | Specifies the maximum timeout for synchronizing ID tokens between multiple Ingress Controllers. The default is ``0s``. | ``string`` | No |

Reviewer: There is a mismatch here. The documentation says the type is `string`, but the golang type is `ZoneSyncLeeway *int`

Additionally, the doc says `0s` is the default, but this is an illegal value for an int.

I suggest using `string` as a golang type, as most of the other time-related fields use it (please see timeout-related fields in https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources/ ). This way the new field will be consistent with the existing fields. For example:
```yaml
zoneSyncLeeway: 500ms
```

Author: I made a mistake in the doc here. The value is not time in `ms` like in the nginx config, it's an integer that is passed to the javascript function to calculate the time.

> |``zoneSyncLeeway`` | Specifies the maximum timeout for synchronizing ID tokens between multiple Ingress Controllers. The default is ``0s``. | ``string`` | No |

Reviewer: From the documentation it is not clear why this field is needed, what problem it solves? Could we add that? For example, the doc could answer the following questions:
- when it is necessary to enable this field (for example, when what errors/conditions clients see  or admins see an error in the logs)
- what values to use, how to pick the value
- what the downsides of enabling that field

Additionally, based on the description here https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-openid-connect/commit/bd4e9cbccbac94f63666b7711d63cf9b4d7a05ce#diff-512d27cf176962c2b1cffd370bbd1adba80368558ad4aaa2a6255eea9ff453bdR47-R53 , would it make sense to make the default non-zero? Because with the Ingress Controller, it is usually at least 2 replicas of it running in a cluster with a load balancer in front them.

> |``zoneSyncLeeway`` | Specifies the maximum timeout in milliseconds for synchronizing ID tokens between multiple Ingress Controllers. The default is ``0``. | ``int`` | No |

Author: ```suggestion
|``zoneSyncLeeway`` | Specifies the maximum timeout in milliseconds for synchronizing ID tokens and shared values between Ingress Controller pods. The default is ``0``. | ``int`` | No |
```
